[DOCSP-41529] cleanup ticket and organization (#65)
mongodb/docs-java-rs: source/write/write-concern.txt

.. _java-rs-write-concern:

=============
Write Concern
=============

.. facet::
   :name: genre
   :values: reference

.. meta::
   :keywords: code example, acknowledgement, operations

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

> 

Reviewer: S: same suggestions about page structure as the Read Preferences page.

> Write concern describes the level of acknowledgment requested from

Reviewer: S: I'd start with a sentence that introduces the guide, like:
```suggestion
In this guide, you can learn how to use the {+driver-short+} to specify a write concern. Write concerns describe the level of acknowledgment requested from
```

> MongoDB for write operations. To learn more about write concern, see

Reviewer: S:
```suggestion
MongoDB for write operations. To learn more about write concerns, see
```
